you've been a hostage negotiator for 10
years what was so special about this
case the face of hostage taker it's not
like working in a planked it's not like
working in an office people's lives are
in your hands you make a mistake someone
dies why don't you tell us something we
don't already know gee what do you want
whatever happened in the past you can
change something today do you realize
what you're asking me to do here yeah we
understand
we're dealing with a group powerful
enough the innocent covered up so damn
fast police force it completely use
but these guys are planning we'll bring
the country to its knees no looking for
blood and done risking people lives I
will do whatever it takes
you're not alone at this house don't
thank me
you